
Title: Chipotle Beef Bowl

Claims to serve: 1

Estimated cook time:
 Time to prep: 5 minutes
 Time to cook: 15 minutes

Ingredients:
  1 tablespoon avocado oil
  1 cup seasonal organic peppers (bell, Hatch, and hotter ones if you can take
  it---remove the stems and ribs if you can't) sliced
  1 small organic yellow onion, sliced
  1 teaspoon chipotle seasoning blend
  6 ounces grass-fed ground beef
  Sea Salt
  Black Pepper
  1/2 cup organic broccoli sprouts
  1/4 cup fresh organic cilantro, chopped
  2 tablespoons whole-milk Greek yogurt
  1/4 cup pico de gallo

How to cook:
* Heat the avocado oil in a medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add the
  peppers and onion, and saute for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until
  they start to get soft.
* Add the chipotle seasoning blend and beef. Lower the heat to medium and cook,
  stirring often, until the beef is no longer pink (7-10 minutes)
* Season to taste with salt and pepper.
* Serve over the broccoli sprouts, and top with the cilantro, yogurt, and pico.

Macro Count:
  --- To Be Added ---

Notes:
I was surprised by how good the food was. Start with the meat and peppers and
onions still being warm in the pan. At the bottom of your bowl/plate, put the
broccoli sprouts and yogurt. Then, cover the sprouts with the food from the pan.
Avoid covering the yogurt, as that will be a source with which to calm any spicy
sensations that you might feel when eating the dish. Then cover the meat with
the pico de gallo. 1/4 cup feels like a little much, I just did enough pinches
so that the spice covered the meat. I also made my own pico de galle due to
safeway not having it in stock*. Also also this is a powder and not freshly
made, which could be done if you really wanted to. After the meat has been
spiced, put on the cilantro.

The dish isn't as tasty when the meat isn't warm. This isn't the easiest thing
to meal prep, however the macros should be pretty good. Very low in carbs, which
is probably a good thing as they are seemingly everywhere in what we eat every
day.

Credit:
Credit for this recipe goes to Aubrey Marcus, as this recipe is located on page
186. Please don't sue me. Thanks :)


References:
(*) link: https://www.pepperscale.com/pico-de-gallo-powder/
